[Music]
it doesn't belong to her
i say we take it out
and if she dies lilith is not happy that
eva gets to keep the halo i understand
that you're scared but you need to calm
down
it's reacting to your emotions what's
reactions by emotions eva learns about
the order of the cruciform sword which
was formed by aurilla of cordoba who was
actually the first warrior nun but her
beginnings were far more
humble the angel adriel had other plans
he couldn't let her die eva argues with
father vincent that she's not meant to
fight demons but he insists she gives it
a try
you can't master one without the other
all right okay so how do we
mother super ian was hard on eva she
confronts her with the orphanage files
claim that she committed suicide which
eva did not agree to abandoned by your
family
stop this
beatrice believes eva when she tells her
that she did not kill herself
perhaps the medical report was wrong dr
salvias who is looking for eva confronts
jc and his buddies as they enter a new
mansion she wants them to notify her if
they hear anything from eva
if you wanted us arrested you would have
sent the police but that's not what i
want mary interrogates mcgready the
mercenary group's leader who claims he
has no idea what was on those containers
they were shipping for arctic
mary realizes that the rigged crate was
meant to assassinate shannon
i don't know and that's the problem eva
flees after leaving a note for father
vincent
[Music]
when everything is still untouched